Congratulations, Lord Long Shuai
Uncle, you did a great job
Don't worry, that counterfeit is ordered.
Hey, isn't this Marquis Qing?
Marquis Qing is Luo Jun's uncle
Qingnian Qinghu Ye is his old man
He must be here to fight the dragon tax
My tower patrol is about to commit a crime
How did I forget this socket?
So what are you waiting for?
Don't go back to meet his old man
Today, Menlie Road Shuangding
Qing Houye doesn't reward you two
Yes, hahaha, my family is going to develop
The governor of Haicheng, Li Wei, visited Marquis Qing
The son of the Feng family is closed and sees Lord Hou again
What about Lord Long Shuai?
Why are you missing?
Are you asking about the fake dragon handsome?
We all sent him to prison
I am humble
Take him to the prison with your own hands
Are you sending him to the compound?
Yeah, we just teamed up
It took a lot of effort to get him in
Gang bastard
Why are you hitting us?
I see.
It must be Marquis Qing
I feel that we have not exterminated Chu Chen
This punishment is too light
He should have been shot just now
Did you see it?
Village Chief, you two are blind
You sent Zhenlong Shuai to prison
What? He's so handsome!
So I personally sent Long Shuai to the big hospital
What are you still doing?
Go and kiss Long Shuai out
He is old
He's missing a hair.
Beat you very much
And you